= Medvane Solo: Biomedical Research at a Glance

Medvane Solo is a Ruby on Rails application that visualizes any PubMed search.

== Requirements

* Ruby 1.8.7: http://www.ruby-lang.org/
* RubyGems: http://rubygems.org/pages/download
* Bundler: http://gembundler.com/
* MySQL: http://www.mysql.com/ (for automated data import; other databases can be used as well)

== Set Up

 $ git clone git://github.com/medvane/solo.git
 $ cd solo
 $ bundle install --without production
 $ cp config/database.yml.mysql config/database.yml
 $ cp config/medvane.yml.sample config/medvane.yml # edit this file for site title & PubMed search term
 $ rake mdvn:setup

== Support

* Bug Report & Feature Request: http://github.com/medvane/solo/issues
* Mailing list: medvane@googlegroups.com & http://groups.google.com/group/medvane

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== License

Copyright (c) 2009 Joon Lee, aka seouri. Medvane Solo is released under MIT license (see included MIT-LICENSE or http://creativecommons.org/licenses/MIT/). You are free to share and remix Medvane Solo if the copyright notice and license shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the software. Any of the above conditions can be waived if you get permission from the copyright holder.
